docs: add governance guide (#3)
medibloc/panacea-governance: README.md

# panacea-governance

## TextProposal

> `TextProposal All` the proposals that do not involve a modification of the source code go under this type. For example, an opinion poll would use a proposal of type TextProposal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the proposals that do not involve a modification of the source code go under this type. For example, an opinion poll would use a proposal of type TextProposal.
```
```suggestion
`TextProposal All` the proposals that do not involve a modification of the source code go under this type. For example, an opinion poll would use a proposal of type TextProposal.
```
https://docs.cosmos.network/master/modules/gov/01_concepts.html#proposal-types

  "deposit": "500000000umed"
}
```

## ParameterChangeProposal
`ParameterChangeProposal` defines a proposal to change one or more parameters. If accepted, the requested parameter change is updated automatically by the proposal handler upon conclusion of the voting period.

```shell
panacead tx gov submit-proposal param-change "path/to/proposal.json" --from {key or address} --chain-id {chain_id} --node https://rpc.gopanacea.org:443
```

proposal.json
```json
{
  "title": "Activate the community pool and Lower the minimum proposal deposit",
  "description": "description",
  "changes": [
    {
      "subspace": "distribution",
      "key": "communitytax",
      "value": "0.020000000000000000"
    },
    {
      "subspace": "gov",
      "key": "depositparams",
      "value": {
        "min_deposit": [
          {
            "denom": "umed",
            "amount": "10000000000"
          }
        ]
      }
    }
  ],
  "deposit": "100000000000umed"
}
```

## SoftwareUpgradeProposal
If this software upgrade proposal passes, it will be upgraded to the version registered in the proposal.
Once the proposal is passed, all nodes are interrupted at the specified height or time.

> The node operator changes the chain to the version specified in the proposal and start it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the proposal is passed, the state machine of all nodes are interrupted at the specified block height or time.
Then, all node operators must stop the daemon, replace the binary with the new version specified in the proposal, and start it.
```
```suggestion
Once the proposal is passed, all nodes are interrupted at the specified height or time.
The node operator changes the chain to the version specified in the proposal and start it.
```
